# Benchmarks
This folder contains the input graphs for benchmarking.

## `directed` subdirectory
The `directed` subdirectory contains fully directed input graphs.

### `erdosrenyi`
This folder contains graphs generated by the
[Erdős–Rényi model](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Erd%C5%91s%E2%80%93R%C3%A9nyi_model).
There are graphs with 1000 nodes each in the subfolder `n=1000`
and nodes with 10000 nodes each in the subfolder `n=10000`. The
number of edges is given by `ne=...` in the filename.

All graphs are **not** extendable.

### `path`
This folder contains path graphs (sequences of nodes). There are graphs
with 10000 nodes in the subfolder `n=10000` which represent all
the exact same path - only the numbering of the nodes is different.

Analogously, the subfolder `n=100000` contains the same path with
100000 nodes each.

All graphs are extendable (in fact, they are already DAGs).

## `pdirected` subdirectory
The `pdirected` subdirectory contains partially directed input graphs,
i.e., graphs with both directed and undirected edges.

### `complete`
This folder contains complete graphs (each node has an edge to every other
node). The graphs in the subfolder `n=512` have 512 nodes each. There
are two graphs with ~20% of the edges being directed (those with `p=0.2` in
their name), two graphs with ~25% directed edges (`p=0.25`), and two graphs
with ~30% directed edges (`p=0.3`).

Analogously, the subfolder `n=750` contains complete graphs with 750 nodes
each.

All graphs are extendable.

### `completepath`
This folder contains complete path graphs, i.e., graphs containing a directed
path through all nodes with all other possible edges being undirected.
The graphs in the subfolder `n=512` have 512 nodes each and represent exactly
the same graph - only the numbering of the nodes is different.

Analogously, the subfolder `n=750` contains complete path graphs with 750 nodes
each.

All graphs are extendable.

### `fromchordal`
This folder contains random PDAGs which were generated by directing edges randomly
in fully undirected chordal graphs. The graphs in the subfolder `subtree-n=10000-1`
have been generated using the undirected chordal graph `subtree-n=10000-1` as a
starting point. Given the undirected chordal graph, all incident edges for a node
have been directed towards that node with a given probability (`p=0.1` for 10%,
`p=0.2` for 20% and so on). For each probability, there are five instances. 

Analogously, the subfolder `subtree-n=10000-2` contains graphs that were generated
using the undirected chordal graph `subtree-n=10000-2` as a basis.

All graphs are extendable.

## `undirected` subdirectory
The `undirected` subdirectory contains fully undirected input graphs.

### `barbell`
This folder contains barbell graphs, i.e., graphs containing two cliques
which are connected via a single edge. The subfolder `n=512` contains
graphs with 512 nodes each. All instances represent the exact same
graph - only the numbering of the nodes is different.

Analogously, the subfolder `n=1024` contains graphs with 1024 nodes, and
the subfolder `n=2048` contains graphs with 2048 nodes.

All graphs are extendable.

### `chordal`
This folder contains random undirected chordal graphs. The graphs inside
the subfolder `n=1024` have 1024 nodes each. The filename indicates the
generation approach for each graph: `peo` for computing a random perfect
elimination order and `subtree` for computing a intersection graph of
subtrees. All instances are different from each other.

Analogously, the subfolder `n=10000` contains graphs with 10000 nodes,
and the subfolder `n=100000` contains graphs with 100000 nodes.

All graphs are extendable.

### `clique`
This folder contains graphs consisting of a clique where each node of that
clique has an additional neighbor which is not connected to any other node.
The subfolder `n=512` contains graphs with 512 nodes each. All instances
represent the exact same graph - only the numbering of the nodes is
different.

Analogously, the subfolder `n=1024` contains graphs with 1024 nodes, and
the subfolder `n=2048` contains graphs with 2048 nodes.

All graphs are extendable.

### `complete`
This folder contains complete undirected graphs. The subfolder `n=512`
contains a graph with 512 nodes and the subfolder `n=750` contains a
graph with 750 nodes.

All graphs are extendable.

### `doublestar`
This folder contains graphs consisting of two stars where the middle
nodes are connected via an additional edge. The subfolder `n=1024`
contains graphs with 1024 nodes each. All instances represent the
exact same graph - only the numbering of the nodes is different.

Analogously, the subfolder `n=10000` contains graphs with 10000
nodes, and the subfolder `n=100000` contains graphs with 100000 nodes.

All graphs are extendable.

### `friendship`
This folder contains friendship graphs. The subfolder `n=1001` contains
graphs with 1001 nodes each. All instances represent the exact
same graph - only the numbering of the nodes is different.

Analogously, the subfolder `n=10001` contains graphs with 10001
nodes, and the subfolder `n=100001` contains graphs with 100001 nodes.

All graphs are extendable.

### `star`
This folder contains star graphs. The subfolder `n=1024` contains
graphs with 1024 nodes each. All instances represent the exact
same graph - only the numbering of the nodes is different.

Analogously, the subfolder `n=10000` contains graphs with 10000
nodes, and the subfolder `n=100000` contains graphs with 100000 nodes.

All graphs are extendable.